Include SX-Aurora in Others (#20)
JuliaGPU/juliagpu.org: other.md

ArrayFire is a general-purpose software library that targets CPUs, GPUs, and other
accelerator hardware. The [ArrayFire.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/ArrayFire.jl) package provides a Julia interface to this library, and makes it possible to program accelerators using an array abstraction built on the ArrayFire library.

## SX-Aurora

> The [NEC SX-Aurora](https://github.com/sx-aurora-dev/VectorEngine.jl) Tsubasa is a PCIe card which works as a Vector Computer. At the moment a custom Julia build using a LLVM fork is required. Support is expected to improve due NECs involement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [NEC SX-Aurora Tsubasa](https://www.nec.com/en/global/solutions/hpc/sx/index.html) is a PCIe card which works as a Vector Computer. It can be programmed from Julia using the [VectorEngine.jl](https://github.com/sx-aurora-dev/VectorEngine.jl) package, which at the moment requires a custom Julia build using a LLVM fork. Support is expected to improve due NECs involement.
```
